what up guys this is kieran one of the
twins I don't evii and this is a little
update video for you guys just let you
know about what's going on and that i'll
be doing them are of our three community
montage so send in your clips now i
don't care if they're pre release or
release send them today of or even
before you can sense our send them out
and please make sure they're HD if not I
may accept them as long as they're good
quality I'm insane the clips own up to
me anything crazy just like decent clip
seed Cena montage because there's
probably not really high standards for
it until like a week or two after um I
may or may not be getting more for 3
tonight but I might use it or planet to
get clips early but I find a little
unfair because of a release date for
most of everyone but i may just too used
to your mode for lucky me montage or
just get a couple clips their test it
out but you'll see once november eighth
that min that comes out i'll be
releasing a video right around that and
so be ready for that you don't know what
it is and marwar for 3 HQ has got some
sick shit prepared we've oh you don't
even know it's going to such an awesome
channel so if you haven't subscribed to
it subscribe to it now i'll put a link
or annotation gray there
and yeah back to the community montage
for Marvel 43 send all those clips ASAP
and i'll get that done make it insane
get you guys so get everyone that you
know to send clips and if you get clips
send them to me and modern warfare 3 HQ
mw3 HQ that's the youtube and send
anything you get like cool glitches
commentaries fails whatever anything you
think is worthy and make sure it's HD
but doesn't have to be but that's
basically it I think oh yeah probably be
doing one more little episode just
leftovers I've gotten a bunch of clips
as I've been playing I'm getting pretty
bored of the other cards that's I'm just
waiting for Morrow for three I'm just
waiting on a reply for my friend right
now to go pick it up or buy it I'm not
really getting for free who would do
that but that's about it guys stay tuned
and get ready for more for three it's
going to be massive